# PrudentAir
The project “Airline Reservation System (ARS)” is to exploit the computer technology with Internet Facility and all its aspects as necessity arises. The proposed project will be a web-based portal to provide support and services to the end customer.                   
The Airline Reservation System (ARS) is a software application to assist an airline with transactions related to making ticket reservations. This includes blocking, reserving and canceling tickets.

Module Description
•	Login Module
•	Reservation Module
•	Admin Module
•	Cancel Ticket Module


1.  Login Module :- This is the first module of the software. This is very important from the security point of view. Only an authorize user is allowed to enter in the system. This is assured by this module. In this module there is login form, which has to be filled by two information. One is User name and another is password and one is persistent cookies which maintain user information in system. When a user enters his name and password, the system send a request in the database to check that this user is entry is existing there or  not. If the user name and password matches the given user name and password in the database the logging is successful and if it is not than logging is failed and an error message is generated by the system which tells that you are not a registered user.
      
The user of the system is created by the system administrator. System administrator creates the logging id and password for the user. This can be changed also by altering the entry in the database. All the users information is stored in the database which is also very secured. So this insure the complete security for the system and prevent from the information lost.

2. Reservation Module:-
This is the Module in which booking information is stored. This module has an input form which is being field by the user of the system. This module contains information related to booking of flight. It contain Customer_ID,Name,Address,Passenger Name, Flight Fare etc.

3. Admin Module:- Admin performs various functionalities given below-->
•	Create Employee
•	Edit/Delete/Update Employees
•	Create Users/Update Users
•	Create Flights
•	Delete Flights
•	Revenue Managing
 The user of the system is created by the system administrator. System administrator creates the logging id and password for the user. This can be changed also by altering the entry in the database.
 
4. Cancel Ticket Module:- This module contain information related to cancelation of   tickets.It contain ticket booking date,source name ,amount,destination name,Address,Passenger Name,Flight No,Flight Fare ,Flight category etc. 

